Oh
hey this is Audriana profound dog I'm in
New York this week checking out the
samsung continuum for a verizon wireless
and before i left i posted on phoneDog
asking if you had any burning questions
for the company I managed to get a few
minutes with director of public
relations samsung Kim Titus so I posed
your questions to the Samsung exec and
let's take a look and see what they had
to say Kim thanks very much for doing
this audrianna I am so appreciative to
the readers of phoneDog for having the
interest in wanting to take the time to
ask us questions and really look forward
to answering the ones that I can okay
great well Jay Mateo 92 wants to know is
the samsung epic 4g going to get the
TouchWiz mp3 player we had seen on the
other galaxy s's jay i don't know yet
but we will look into it and we'll get
back with audrianna and get you an
answer Josh JW wants to know are any
software updates coming for our galaxy s
devices anytime soon Josh Samsung is
going to bring the next OS of Android to
all of the galaxy s devices in the very
near future mob man wants to know will
Samsung announced another phone from
Sprint well I'm sorry who was that from
that was from mob man well mob mad
sprint was our very first customer back
in 1997 when we first landed here on us
shores with samsung mobile and i am sure
that sprint will continue to be a
customer carrier partner of ours for a
very long time so you can look for more
phones i think from sprint don't have
anything to tell you specific right now
but stay tuned okay so there wasn't a
ton of clarification or new answers but
at least samsung is aware of what's on
your mind about
products and hopefully that keeps them
with that in mind as they move forward
now if you have any other questions
regarding samsung or any of the other
brand manufacturers HTC Motorola Apple
or the carriers of you should weigh in
at found calm if we manage to get a
chance to convey your concerns or ask
your questions we're going to do that
for ESL this is adrianna for a phone
call calm thanks for